===== PAGE 1 =====

AKAMAI SOLUTION BRIEF
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation  
and ServiceNow CMDB Integration
Integrate separate data sources to create a unified labeling scheme  
across your cloud infrastructure, data centers, and endpoints
Visibility and microsegmentation
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation’s integration with ServiceNow allows organizations 
to leverage data collected from other ITSM processes to ensure consistent security is 
extended to assets throughout their lifecycle. You can generate application and network 
dependency maps and assign labels with highly accurate CMDB data, then create the 
appropriate segmentation policies with this joint solution.
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation’s no-limit label structure also allows you to take 
advantage of your ServiceNow CMDB as is — without the need to manipulate labels to 
ensure you stay under a specific number of used labels. 
How the integration works
The integration is provided through an app for ServiceNow CMDB. A dedicated 
orchestration is then used to create labels in the platform. This approach allows you to 
maintain a flexible labeling scheme consistent with other systems for use when creating 
policies or Reveal maps with CMDB data.
A straightforward configuration process
Install the app from the ServiceNow Store to use this built-in integration to pull CMDB data.
Next: 1.  Configure the ServiceNow roles and authorization  
 2.  Activate the REST API into Akamai Guardicore Segmentation 
 3.  Your CMDB data is now available for use  
Availability 
• Akamai Guardicore Segmentation for CMDB from the ServiceNow store
• Akamai Guardicore Segmentation R32 and above 
To learn more about this or any other integration, or to request a demo,  
please contact esg-bd@akamai.com
Key benefits
Understanding what assets exist, how they connect, and how their configuration changes over time are at 
the heart of organizations’ IT service management programs. Bringing this information into your security 
technology stack by integrating it with a configuration management database can provide your tools with the 
information they need to improve security processes and reduce risk dramatically.
• Leverage existing CMDB 
information for clouds, data 
centers, IoT, and OT 
• Integrate natively without the need 
to change your labeling scheme 
• Lower security and operational 
costs by automating workflows 
using CMDB asset lifecycle 
management
• Reduce audit costs through 
automation and improved 
information flow on all assets
