===== PAGE 1 =====

s  
 
 
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation  
PCI DSS Whitepaper 
 
 
March 24, 2024


===== PAGE 2 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  2 
     Versions  
 
Notice! This report may contain confidential corporate and/or sensitive PII data 
regarding business flows and work ing  pro cedures . The customer is advised to keep the 
document within the organization in a safe location.  
  
Author  Role  Date  Description  
Talia Goldich  Information Security 
Consultant  
January 18, 
202 4 Initial Draft  
Amir Berkowitz  Information Security 
Consultant  
January 21, 
202 4 Tech QA  
Talia Goldich  Information Security 
Consultant  
January 22, 
202 4 Second Draft  
Amir Berkowitz  Information Security 
Consultant  
January 23, 
202 4 Tech QA  
Talia Goldich  Information Security 
Consultant  
January 31, 
202 4 Third Draft  
Talia Goldich  Information Security 
Consultant  
February 7, 
2024  Final Draft  
Thomas Craft  Technical W riter  February 8, 
2024  
QA & Visual 
Review  
Talia Goldich  Information Security 
Consultant  March 4, 2024  Update Draft  
Chen Levinger  Technical W riter  March 24, 2024  QA & Visual 
Review


===== PAGE 3 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  3 
Table of Contents  
1 Executive Summary  ................................ ................................ ................................ .........  4 
 Introduction  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...............  4 
 Background  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...............  6 
2 Introduction  ................................ ................................ ................................ .........................  7 
 Designated Recipients  ................................ ................................ ...........................  7 
 Scope and Responsibility  ................................ ................................ .....................  7 
 Terminology  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...............  7 
 PCI DSS  ................................ ................................ ................................ ......................... 8 
3 Assessment Results  ................................ ................................ ................................ ........  11  
 Build and Maintain a Secure Network and Systems  ..............................  13  
 Maintain a Vulnerability Management Program  ................................ .....  18  
3.3    Implement Strong Access Control Measures  ................................ ............  20 
3.4    Regularly Monitor and Test Networks  ................................ ..........................  22 
4 System Description  ................................ ................................ ................................ .......  34  
 About GRSee  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...........  34  
 QSA Acknowledgment  ................................ ................................ ........................  35


===== PAGE 4 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  4 
1 Executive  Summary  
 Introduction  
The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) is a global set of security standards 
defined by the Payment Card Data Security Council to protect payment card data against evolving 
cybersecurity threats. Any organization that stores, processes, or transmits payment cards online, 
from small start -ups to large global enter prises, must adhere to each requirement outlined in  the  PCI 
DSS to remain compliant and avoid penalties.   
Meeting all the requirements outlined in PCI -DSS v4.0 , and achieving certification puts a significant 
burden on organizations , and this is where  Akama i Guardicore Segmentation  comes into the picture as 
it can aid IT managers and internal auditors by providing a comprehensive, real -time and historical 
map , presenting the  IT environments in scope along with  the  segmentation that isolates the 
cardholder da ta environment (CDE) from the rest of the network and unrelated systems, while 
disabling  out -of-scope systems from interacting with the assets in the CDE.  
1.1.1  Diverse and Dynamic Environments  
The difficulty:   Applications and network environments that are incl uded in the PCI scope  are usually 
quite complex, spanning multiple  machines and in many  cases , across different infrastructure types, 
technologies , and even physical locations. Therefore, the network’s visibility is very important.  
In some  cases, the applications include auto -scaling tiers to support load spikes . These tiers may 
constantly be changing to provide more services and innovation to the customers.  
This introduces several major challenges from the PCI -DSS perspective:  
1. Scoping: understandi ng where  the workloads are located with in the CDE  at any given time , and 
which workloads are out -of-scope, which provides  an up -to -date picture of the network.  
2. Placing controls within the diverse and dynamic environment: PCI -DSS requires controls across 
the CDE. Even placing a FW  (as mandated by the first requirement) can be come  a difficult 
problem as placing firewalls between two containers, or two VMs, on the same Hypervisor, may 
require an entirely different set of technologies and APIs.  
How can Akamai G uardicore Segmentation help:  Corresponding to the one of the key features of 
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation is the Reveal map; as visibility is crucial at many stages of the 
compliance process, from scoping the CDE to understanding its dynamic boundaries. The Reveal map 
is helpful in the process of meeting and expediting many of the requirements. Additionally, the 
flexible policy engine, Insight and the Hunt service aid in protecting the CDE and remaining in a 
compliant state.


===== PAGE 5 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  5


===== PAGE 6 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  6 
1.1.2  The W ide Scope of Requirements  
The difficulty:   The PCI -DSS standard requires  the  implementation of a vast amount of security  
controls to meet with the PCI requirements. For instance, requirement 1 mandates to place a NSC 
(Network Security Control) to separate the CDE from t he other applications, while requirement 10 
mandates to monitor all the CDE. The technologies utilized fulfill this requirement are very different 
and require various vendors, as well as  different support and maintenance procedures.   
How can Akamai Guardic ore Segmentation help:  Akamai Guardicore Segmentation contains several 
capabilities relevant to the PCI DSS 4.0 in a single platform, providing an organization  using this 
service  with visibility, distributed firewalls, as well as breach detection and respo nse.  
1.1.3  Methods For Evaluating Vulnerabilities  
The difficulty:  The PCI -DSS standard requires identifying  security vulnerabilities, using reputable 
outside sources for security vulnerability information, and assign ing  a risk ranking (for example, as 
“high,” “medium,” or “low”) to newly discovered security vulnerabilities.  
How can Akamai Guardicore Segmentation help:  Akamai Hunt (an additional service that customer s 
can purchase  within the product package)  allows  to det ect and remediate threats and risks . The 
service collects  unique signals from various sources, and then analyzes this data set with variety of 
detection algorithms. A dedicated security expert  investigate s each suspicious event to minimize false 
positives.  Detailed alerts on the threat or the risk along with the steps for actions that need to be 
performed  are  provide d in a monthly report . 
 Background  
Akamai  has contacted GRSee Consulting LTD. (A QSA company) requesting to conduct a whitepaper  to  
describ e the security status of the Akamai Guardicore Segmentation product as it compares to  the 
PCI -DSS V 4.0 . GRSee Consulting (QSA ) has examined Akamai Guardicore Segmentation  mapping to PCI 
DSS v4.0 for assessment.  
In March 2022, the latest version of  the  PCI -DSS standard  was released: version 4.0. It includes several 
new security requirements to address changes in the threat landscape since version 3.2.1 was released 
in 2018.  
PCI -DSS v3.2.1 will retire  on March 31, 2024,  and a  transition period to version 4.0 where  part of the 
new requirements will become mandatory  will begin . The full set of requirements will become 
mandatory after March 31, 2025. To be fully compliant with PCI DSS v4.0, organizations need to prove 
compliance with each of the changes introduced — a massive undertaking for compliance and security 
teams.


===== PAGE 7 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  7 
2 Introduction  
 Designated Recipients  
This whitepaper provides information to IT managers and PCI internal auditors  to better  understand 
network security needs and best practices to mitigate payment data threats a nd related requirements 
for PCI DSS version 4.0  audits. Akamai Guardicore Segmentation helps provide visibility for PCI 
internal auditors, IT managers , and their networ k operation teams to design, plan and integrate the 
changes required for PCI DSS compliance into business -as-usual activities.  
 Scope and Responsibility  
The Akamai Guardicore Segmentation  whitepaper is for IT managers and PCI internal auditors. The 
purpose of this document is to provide guidance on which specific capabilities of the solution address 
certain tasks and requirements of PCI DSS v4.0. Akamai Guardicore Segmentation helps organizations 
meet , support or validate the criteria for  network security controls  configuration for an external audit 
or internal security policy . 
 Terminology  
 Cardholder data:  Cardholder’s name, service code, account number , and an expiration date that 
may be stored on authorized card transactions.   
 CDE:  Acro nym for “Cardholder Data Environment.” The CDE is comprised of:  
 • The system components, people, and processes that store, process, or transmit cardholder 
data or   
   sensitive authentication data and/or  
• System components that may not store, process, or transmit CHD/SAD but have unrestricted 
connectivity to system components that store, process, or transmit CHD/SAD.  
 Sensitive data:  Card or account verification and PIN information stored in the magnetic stripe of a 
payment card.   
 Encryption:  Process of  encoding data so that it is unreadable to those without the proper 
permissions or “key” to decode it.   
 PAN:  Acronym for Primary Account Number. Storage of consumers’ payment card PANs is the 
deciding factor whether the PCI DSS and PA -DSS standards apply to retailers and application 
vendors respectively.   
 TLS:  Transport Layer Security ; a common encryption technology used to secure transmissions of 
data across public networks.   
 Complex password:  A password is typically considered “complex” if it meets cer tain complexity


===== PAGE 8 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  8 
requirements.  
 DMZ:  “Demilitarized zone.” Physical or logical sub -network that provides an additional layer of 
security to an organization’s internal private network.   
 VPN:  A virtual private network (VPN) is a computer network that  is used to secure the tunnel of 
remote computer access to a network.  
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virtual_private_network  for more information.  
 PCI QSA:  A PCI Qualified Security Assessor is the only entity that can assess and certify PCI DSS 
compliance. A current list of approved assessors is maintained by the PCI Council a nd can be found 
at the URL : https://www.pcisecuritystandards.org/pdfs/pci_qsa_list.pdf   
 GRSee Consulting  is a QSAC (Qualified Security Assessors Company).   A QSA has performed the 
whitepaper for the  Akamai Guardicore Segmentation product.  Further information regar ding our 
certification may be addressed by contacting us via:  
GRSee Consulting Ltd.  
Eli Horovitz 19 St.  
Rehovot, Israel 7608802  
Email: Info@grsee.com   
Phone: +972.8.866.1155  
Fax: +972.8.9464051   
 PCI DSS  
The Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standard (DSS) was developed to encourage and 
enhance cardholder data security and  facilitate the broad adoption of consistent data security 
measures globally.  
As a Merchant /Service provider , it is your respon sibility to become PCI DSS certified. This section 
discusses the high -level requirements  you need to implement to obtain that certification. Many of 
these requirements  revolve around the standards of storing and maintaining cardholder data.  
Below are the 1 2 high -level requirements for being PCI DSS compliant:  
Build and Maintain a Secure Network:  
1. Install and Maintain Network Security Controls.   
2. Apply Secure Configurations to All System Components   
Protect Account  Data:  
3. Protect stored Account  data.


===== PAGE 9 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  9 
4. Protect  Cardholder Data with Strong Cryptography During Transmission Over Open, Public 
Networks


===== PAGE 10 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  10  
Maintain a Vulnerability Management Program:  
5. Protect All Systems and Networks from Malicious Software   
6. Develop and maintain secure systems and applications.  
Implement Strong Access Control Measures  
7. Restrict Access to System Components and Cardholder Data by Business Need to Know   
8. Identify Users and Authenticate Access to System Components .  
9. Restrict physical access to cardholder data.  
Regularly Monitor and T est Networks:  
10.  Log and Monitor All Access to System Components and Cardholder Data   
11.  Test Security of Systems and Networks Regularly.   
Maintain an Information Security Policy:  
12.  Support Information Security with Organizational Policies and Programs.   
For com plete information on PCI -DSS compliance, please visit the URL below 
https://www.pcisecuritystandards.org/security_standards/pci_dss.shtml .


===== PAGE 11 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  11  
3 Assessment Results  
The following table details, for each paragraph of the requirement, whether Akamai Guardicore 
Segmentation  meets, supports meeting , or supports the efforts of validating compliance.  
1. Meets  - Using Akamai Guardicore Segmentation allows  for  meeting a specific  requirement.  
2. Supports  - Using Akamai Guardicore Segmentation supports efforts in meeting a specific 
requirement.  
3. Validates  - Using Akamai Guardicore Segmentation supports validating compliance with a specific 
requirement.  
Section Requirement Meets Supports Validates 
Build and 
maintain a 
secure network 
and systems 
Install and Maintain Network Security 
Controls. 
1.2.3 
1.2.5 
1.3.1 
1.3.2 
1.4.1 
1.4.2 
1.4.3 
1.4.4 
1.2.7 
1.4.5 
1.2.4 
1.2.6 
1.5.1 
Apply Secure Configurations to All 
System Components. 
2.2.3 
2.2.6 
2.2.4 
 
2.2.5 
2.2.7 
Protect Account 
Data 
Protect Stored Account Data. N/A N/A N/A 
Protect Cardholder Data with Strong 
Cryptography During Transmission 
Over Open, Public Networks. 
N/A N/A N/A 
Maintain a 
vulnerability 
management 
program 
Protect All Systems and Networks from 
Malicious Software. 5.2.1 N/A N/A 
Develop and Maintain Secure Systems 
and Software. 
6.3.1 
6.5.3 
6.3.3 
6.5.4 N/A 
Implement strong 
access control 
measures 
Restrict Access to System Components 
and Cardholder Data by Business Need 
to Know. 
7.2.1 
7.2.2 
7.2.3 
7.3.1 
7.3.2 
7.3.3 
7.2.4 
Identify Users and Authenticate Access 
to System Components. 8.2.1 8.2.5 
8.3.1 8.2.2


===== PAGE 12 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  12  
 
  
Restrict Physical Access to Cardholder 
Data. N/A N/A N/A 
Regularly monitor 
and test networks 
Log and Monitor All Access to System 
Components and Cardholder Data 
10.2.1 
10.2.1.1 
10.2.1.2 
10.2.1.3 
10.2.1.4 
10.2.1.5 
10.2.1.6 
10.2.1.7 
10.2.2 
10.3.1 
10.3.2 
10.5.1 
10.6.1 
10.6.2 
10.6.3 
10.7.3 
10.4.1 
10.4.1.1 
10.4.3 
10.7.1 
10.7.2 
10.3.3 
10.4.2 
Test Security of Systems and Networks 
Regularly. 
11.3.1.2 
11.5.1.1 
11.3.1 
11.3.1.3 
11.3.1.1 
11.4.5 
11.4.6 
11.5.1 
Maintain an 
information 
security policy 
Support Information Security with 
Organizational Policies and Programs. N/A 
12.3.4 
12.5.1 
12.10.3 
12.10.5 
12.4.2 
12.5.2


===== PAGE 13 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  13  
 Build and Maintain a Secure Network and Systems  
Regarding requirement 1.2.3 of the PCI -DSS / Network diagram:  (Meet )  
Requirement 1.2.3 concerns maintaining a precise network diagram illustrating all links between the 
Cardholder Data Environment (CDE) and other networks.  
The Akamai Guardicore Segmentation  can meet  this requirement by offer ing  a dashboard displaying 
the i nterconnections between all systems in the environment.  
During the assessment, the QSA examined the Akamai Guardicore Segmentation platform and 
observed an illustrative dashboard showcasing the relationships among various systems. The QSA 
confirmed that th is capability meets  the requirement . 
Regarding requirement 1.2.4 of the PCI -DSS / Data -flow diagram : (Validate ) 
Requirement 1.2.4 mandates the maintenance of a precise data flow diagram , illustrating the 
movement of account data across systems and networks and requiring it to  be updated as changes 
occur in the environment.  
The Akamai Guardicore Segmentation can  validate  this requirement by  understand ing  the connection 
among various compo nents . This understanding can assist the customer in constructing data flow 
diagrams based on these connections.  
During the assessment, the QSA examined the Akamai Guardicore Segmentation platform and 
observed an illustrative dashboard , showcasing the rela tionships among various systems.  
Regarding requirement 1.2.5 of the PCI -DSS / Approved services and protocols : (Meet ) 
Requirement 1.2.5 specifies the necessity to identify, approve, and have a clear business justification 
for all permitted services, proto cols, and ports.  
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation  meet s this requirement by implementing policies that are 
universally enforced, determining which protocols or services are permitted and which are not.  
During the assessment, the QSA observed  the Akamai Guardicore Segmentation platform and 
examin ed the policies created within the platform. It was confirmed that the platform has the 
capability to establish policies blocking specific protocols or services, thus meeting  the specified 
requirement.


===== PAGE 14 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  14  
Regarding requirement 1.2.6 of the PCI -DSS / Business justification for insecure services and 
protocols : (Validate ) 
Requirement 1.2.6 mandates the definition of security measures when utilizing insecure services and 
protocols.  
The validation  of this requirement by Akamai Guardicore Segmentation involves the capability to add 
comments within each network rule. This functionality allows for the inclusion of business 
justifications when utilizing insecure services or protocols . 
In the assessment , the QSA examined the Akamai Guardicore Segmentation platform and inspected 
the process of creating a policy rule, specifically observing the option to include comments.  
Regarding requirement 1.2.7 of the PCI -DSS / Review the configuration of NSCs every s ix months : 
(Support ) 
Requirement 1.2.7 stipulates the need to review the configuration of network security controls (NSCs) 
every six months.  
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation support s this requirement by present ing  the network logs. Users 
have the flexibility to set up alerts via email or Slack for any configurations that breach the 
predefined policies . 
In the assessment, the QSA examined Akamai Guardicore Segmentation platform and inspected the 
process of creating a policy rule . It was confirmed that the rule is actively functioning.  
Regarding requirement 1.3.1 and  1.3.2 of the PCI -DSS / Restriction inbound traffic  and outbound traffic : 
(Meet ) 
Requirement 1.3.1 specifies the restriction of inbound traffic to the Cardholder Data Environment 
(CDE) solely to essential traffic, with explicit denial of all other traffic.  
Requirement 1.3.2 specifies the restriction of outbound traffic from the Cardholder Data Environment 
(CDE) solely to essential traffic, with explicit denial of all other traffic . 
 Akamai Guardicore Segmentation meet s this requirement by establishing policies regarding which 
inbound  and outbound  traffic is allowed and which is not , including the  type of the traffic, the  source , 
and  the destination.  
In the assessment, the QSA inspected Akamai Guardicore Segmentation platform and observed the 
process of creating policy rules. As a result, the QSA confirmed the product meet s this requirement . 
Regarding requirement 1.4.1  / 1.4.2 /1.4.4  of the PCI -DSS / Only traffic that is authorized / Stored 
cardholder data cannot be accessed from untrusted networks : (Meet ) 
Requirement 1.4.1 dictates the implementation of Network Security Controls (NSC) between trusted 
and untrusted networks.


===== PAGE 15 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  15  
Requirement 1.4.2 outlines restr ictions for inbound traffic from untrusted networks to trusted 
networks, allowing communication only for authorized system components providing public services, 
stateful responses to trusted network -initiated communications, and denying all other traffic.  
Requirement 1.4.4 specifies that system components that store cardholder data are not directly 
accessible from untrusted networks . 
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation meet s this requirement by  creating network policies to ensure the 
segmentation between secure  network s to unsecure network s. 
In the assessment, the QSA inspected the Akamai  Guardicore Segmentation platform and th e policy 
creation process , if a policy violation occurs, a notification will be sent, and the corresponding action 
will be taken to preve nt the violation.  
Regarding requirement 1.4.3 of the PCI -DSS / Anti -spoofing measure : (Meet ) 
Requirement 1.4.3 specifies  that anti -spoofing measures are implemented to detect and block forged -
source IP addresses from entering the trusted network . 
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation  meet s this requirement by tracking the IP address of the agent s or 
alternately using automation , and in case of an attempt to steal the IP address , a notification will be 
sent.   
In the assessment, the QSA inspected Akamai Guardicor e Segmentation platform and observed the 
agent logs. In the event of IP spoofing, the agent associated with the affected IP machine is set to shut 
down. The QSA witnessed the shutdown of one machine and received a corresponding notification.  
Regarding requirement 1.4.5 of the PCI -DSS / Disclosure of internal IP addresses : (Support ) 
Requirement 1.4.5 specifies that  the disclosure of internal IP addresses and routing of information is 
limited to only authorized parties.  
Akamai Guardicore Segment ation suppor ts  this requirement  by allowing the option to create a policy 
that limit s disclosing  the internal IP only to authorized sources/components.  
In the assessment, the QSA inspected the Akamai  Guardicore  Segmentation platform , and observed 
the process of creating policy that limited access to authorized sources/components . 
Regarding requirement 1.5.1 of the PCI -DSS / Security controls implemented on the devices that 
connect to untrusted environment and  to the CDE : (Validate ) 
Requirement 1.5.1 mandates the implementation of security controls on all computing devices, 
encompassing both company -owned and employee -owned devices, that connect to both untrusted 
networks (such as the Internet) and the Cardholder Data Environment (CDE).   
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation validates  this requirement through the use of the "Insight Query" 
feature, enabling the display of the configuration of each device within the platform. This feature 
assists the customer in validating  the presence of security controls on the device.


===== PAGE 16 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  16  
During the assessment, the QSA examined the Akamai Guardicore Segmentation platform and 
observed the "Insight Query" feature. It was noted that the feature provided an example for a list of all 
the devices on which antivirus software was installed.


===== PAGE 17 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  17  
Regarding requirement 2.2.3 of the PCI -DSS / Primary functions : (Meet ) 
Requirement 2.2.3 details the management of primary functions necessitating various security levels 
in the following ways:  
 • Ensuring a singular primary function on a system component, OR  
 • Isolating primary functions with distinct security levels on the same system component from each 
other, OR  
 • Securing all primary functions with varying security levels on the same syste m component to meet 
the requirements of the function with the highest security priority.  
The implementation of Akamai Guardicore Segmentation meet s this requirement by configuring a 
server to exclusively serve a single primary function . This configuration is integrated into a policy, 
preventing any attempts to add additional functions to the server by blocking such actions.  
During the assessment, the QSA examined the Akamai Guardicore Segmentation platform and 
observed th at the policy actively blocks any ad ditional actions that contravene its specifications.  
Regarding requirement 2.2.4 of the PCI -DSS / Unnecessary functionality : (Support ) 
Requirement 2.2.4 emphasizes enabling only essential services, protocols, daemons, and functions 
while removing or disabl ing any unnecessary functionalities.  
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation support s this requirement by presenting the  configuration of the 
system components , and in case there is unnecessary functionality , the customer can remove it from  
the system/server . 
During the assessment, the QSA examined the Akamai Guardicore Segmentation platform and noted 
on the map that it displayed the services running on a specific device along with their respective 
versions . 
Regarding requirement 2.2. 5 of the PCI -DSS / Insecure  protocols : (Validate ) 
Requirement 2.2.5 mandates the documentation and mitigation of insecure services, protocols, or 
daemons as follows:  
 Documenting the business justification for their existence  
 Implementing additional security measures that mitigate th e risks associated with these 
insecure services, protocols, or daemons  
 
The validation  of this requirement by Akamai Guardicore Segmentation is achieved through the 
provision of an option to add comments, enabling the inclusion of business justifications for insecure 
services or rules within its system . 
In the assessment, the QSA reviewed t he Akamai Guardicore Segmentation platform and observed the 
process of creating a policy, taking note of the space provided within for leaving comments.


===== PAGE 18 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  18  
Regarding requirement 2.2. 6 of the PCI -DSS / security parameters : (Meet ) 
Requirement 2.2.6 stipulates  configuring system security parameters to prevent misuse.  
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation meet s this requirement by  establishing  a policy and configur ing  
system security parameters.  
In the assessment, the QSA reviewed the Akamai Guardicore Segmentation platform and observed the 
process of creating a policy . It was observed that the platform allows the creation of projects, which 
consist of predefined rules specifying what is enabled  and what is disabled  from a security 
perspective .  
Regarding requirement  2.2.7 of the PCI -DSS / encryption of all non -console administrative access : 
(Validate ) 
Requirement 2.2.7 specifies the encryption of all non -console administrative access using robust 
cryptography . 
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation offers visibility to determine whether the communication is 
encrypted or not , which can help the customer to understand which communication is encrypted and 
which not.  
During the assessment , the QSA observed the Akamai Guardicore Segmentation platform and noted 
the visibility of whether the communication is encrypted or not.  
  Maintain a Vulnerability Management Program  
Regarding requirement 5.2.1  of the PCI -DSS / Automated mechanisms : (Meet ) 
Requirement 5.2.1 specifies the deployment of anti -malware solution(s) on all system components.  
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation meet s this requirement by utilizing the Protect feature, specifically 
the Insight Query . This feature enables users to input a query to obtain visibility into which 
components have deployed anti -malware solutions.  
During the assessment, the QSA examined and observed Akamai Guardicore Segmentation and noted 
that the platform provides a list of devices with installed antivirus software.  
Regarding requirement 6.3.1 of the PCI -DSS / Security vulnerabilities : (Meet ) 
Requirement 6.3.1 outlines the identification and management of security vulnerabilities in the 
following manner:  
 New security vulnerabilities are discovered by leveraging industry -recognized sources, which 
include alerts from international and national co mputer emergency response teams (CERTs).  
 Vulnerabilities are assessed and ranked according to their risk, utilizing industry best 
practices and considering potential impacts.  
 Risk rankings highlight, at minimum, all vulnerabilities classified as high -risk or critical within 
the environment.


===== PAGE 19 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  19  
 Coverage extends to vulnerabilities present in custom, bespoke, and third -party software 
such as operating systems and databases.  
 
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation meets  this requirement by providing customers with an addi tional 
Hunt service. This service conducts vulnerability scans and generates reports containing findings 
along with recommendations on how to address them. The Hunt report furnishes customers with 
comprehensive information about the vulnerabilities detecte d within their software . 
In the assessment, the QSA reviewed examples of Hunt reports and confirmed that the reports 
included both findings and recommendations.  
Regarding requirement 6.3.3 of the PCI -DSS / Security patches : (Support ) 
Requirement 6.3.3 dictates the protection of all system components from known vulnerabilities by 
installing relevant security patches and updates according to the following criteria:  
 Critical or high -security patches/updates, identified through the risk ranking process 
desc ribed in Requirement 6.3.1, must be installed within one month of their release.  
 All other applicable security patches/updates should be installed within a suitable timeframe 
determined by the organization, such as within three months of release.  
 
Akamai G uardicore Segmentation supports  this requirement through the utilization  of the Protect 
feature, particularly the Insight Query. This functionality enables users to verify which systems have a 
specific security patch installed, facilitating the monitoring of compliance with patching requirements . 
In addition, utilization of the Hunt service report provides recommendations  regarding components 
without the lates t security patch es.  
During the assessment, the QSA  examined Akamai Guardicore Segmentation and obse rved that the 
product presents information about systems along with the installed security patches.  
Regarding requirement 6.5.3 of the PCI -DSS / Separated environments : (Meet ) 
Requirement 6.5.3 specifies that  pre -production environments are separated from production 
environments and the separation is enforced with access controls.  
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation meet s this requirement by establishing segmentation between 
environments through the enforcement of policies . 
During the assessment, the QSA inspect ed Akamai Guardicore Segmentation and observed  the process 
of creating policies, as well as how the product visually represents the distinct networks.    
Regarding requirement 6.5.4 of the PCI -DSS / Roles separated from environments : (Support ) 
Requirement 6. 5.4 specifies that  roles and functions are separated between production and pre -
production environments to provide accountability such that only reviewed and approved changes are 
deployed.


===== PAGE 20 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  20 
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation  supports  this requirement by enabling the creation of policies 
within user groups and enforcing them in specific environments.  
 During the assessment, the QSA inspect ed Akamai Guardicore Segmentation and observed the 
process of creating policies with restricted access to resources.  
3.3    Implement Strong Access Control Measures  
Regarding requirement 7.2.1 of the PCI -DSS /  Access to system components and data is appropriately 
defined and assigned : (Meet ) 
Requirement 7.2.1 defines an access control model that involves providing access in the following 
manner:  
• Provision of suitable access based on the entity's business requirements and access necessities . 
• Access to system components and data resources determined by users' job classification s and roles . 
• Allocation of the minimal privileges essential (e.g., user, administrator) to execute a specific job 
function . 
 
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation meet s this requirement by offering the capability to implement 
access control for each system component. Through the establishment of polic ies, customers can 
grant access control to components within the environment.  
 
During the assessment, the QSA inspect ed Akamai Guardicore Segmentation and observed the process 
of creating policies that govern access to components  to identify any instances of policy violations, 
tracking both the individuals and actions that contravene the established policies . 
 
Regarding requirement 7.2.2  and 7.2.3  of the PCI -DSS / Access to systems and data is limited to only 
the access needed to perform job functions  / Access privileges cannot be granted to users without 
appropriate, documented authorization : (Support ): 
 
Requirement 7.2.2 specifies that user access, encompassing privileged users, is allocated considering:  
• Job classification and function  
• The minimal p rivileges required to fulfill job responsibilities  
Requirement 7.2.3 specifies that r equired privileges are approved by authorized personnel.  
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation support s these requirements through its policy implementation . 
During the assessmen t, the QSA inspect ed Akamai Guardicore Segmentation and observed the process 
of creating policies that govern access to components.  
Regarding requirement 8.2.1 of the PCI -DSS /  All actions by all users are attributable to an individual : 
(Meet )


===== PAGE 21 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  21  
Requirement 8.2.1 mandates that every user must be allocated a distinct ID prior to gaining access to 
system components or cardholder data.  
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation meet s this requirement by providing a unique ID for each system 
component.  
During th e assessment, the QSA inspect ed Akamai Guardicore Segmentation and observed and 
validated that the product provides  a unique I D for each system component.


===== PAGE 22 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  22 
Regarding requirement 8.2.2 of the PCI -DSS /  All actions performed by users with generic, system, or 
shared IDs are attributable to an individual person : (Validate ): 
Requirement 8.2.2 details the management of group, shared, or generic accounts, or other shared 
authentication credentials, allowing their usage solely on an exceptional basis and subject to the 
following guidelines:  
• Limiting account use to exceptional circumstances  
• Restricting use duration to the necessary timeframe for the exceptional circumstance  
• Documenting a business justification for their use.  
• Obtaining explicit management approval for their use . 
• Verifying individual user identity before granting access to an account . 
• Ensuring that every action taken is traceable to an individual user . 
Akamai Guardicore Segment ation validate s this requirement, relying on the human factor. In the 
event a generic user account is created, an option exists  to include the business justification for its 
usage.  
During the assessment, the QSA inspect ed Akamai Guardicore Segmentation and  observed the 
creation of policies with access control for each component.  
3.4     Regularly Monitor and Test Networks  
Regarding requirement 10.2.1 /10.2.11/10.2.1.2/ 10.2.1.3/10.2.1.4/10.2.1.5  /10.2.16/10.2.17 of the PCI -DSS  / 
Records of all activities affecting system components and cardholder data are captured : (Meet ) 
Requirement 10.2.1 specifies that audit logs must be enabled and active for all system components and 
cardholder data . 
Requirement 10.2.1.1 dictates that audit logs must capture all indiv idual user access to cardholder data.  
Requirement 10.2.1.2 mandates that audit logs must capture all actions taken by any individual with 
administrative access, including any interactive use of application or system accounts.  
Requirement 10.2.1.3 dictates that audit logs must capture all access to audit logs.  
Requirement 10.2.1.4 specifies that audit logs must capture all invalid logical access attempts.  
Requirement 10.2.1.5 outlines that audit logs must capture all changes to identification and 
authenticat ion credentials, including, but not limited to:  
 Creation of new accounts . 
 Elevation of privileges . 
 All changes, additions, or deletions to accounts with administrative access .


===== PAGE 23 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  23 
Requirement 10.2.1.6 dictates that audit logs must capture the following:  
 All  initialization of new audit logs . 
 All starting, stopping, or pausing of the existing audit logs . 
Requirement 10.2.1.7 mandates that audit logs must capture all instances of creating and deleting 
system -level objects . 
Requirement 10.2.2 mandates that audit  logs must document specific details for each auditable event, 
including:  
 User identification . 
 Type of event . 
 Date and time . 
 Success and failure indication . 
 Origination of the event . 
 Identity or name of the affected data, system component, resource, or ser vice (e.g., name and 
protocol).  
 
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation meet s these requirement s, as the product inherently allows it by 
default, and there is no option to disable this functionality.  The product logs every action and displays 
it within the logging  dashboard.  
During the assessment, the QSA inspect ed Akamai Guardicore Segmentati on, examined the logging 
dashboard,  observed sample of logs , and confirmed that all requirements are satisfied.  
Regardin g requirement 10.3.1 of the PCI -DSS /  Audit logs are protected from destruction and 
unauthorized modifications : (Meet ) 
Requirement  10.3.1 dictates that access to read audit log files should be restricted to individuals with a 
job -related need.  
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation  meet s this requirement by offering the option to configure access 
to the audit logs.  
During the assessment, the QSA inspect ed Akamai Guardicore Segmentati on, examined the access to 
the audit logs , and note d that every action is logged.  
Regarding requirement 10.3.2 of the PCI -DSS /  Stored activity records cannot be modified by 
personnel : 
Requirement  10.3. 2 specifies that audit log files must be safeguarded to prevent modifications by 
individuals.  The Akamai Guardicore Segmentation : 
 Meet s SaaS customers, as they lack the ability to modify audit logs . 
 Support s on-premises customers, who need to configure access control to the audit  files .


===== PAGE 24 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  24  
Regarding requirement 10.3.3 of the PCI -DSS / Stored activity records are secured : (Validate ) 
Requirement  10.3 .3 stipulates that audit log files, including those for external -facing technologies, 
must be promptly backed up to a secure, central, internal log server(s), or other media that is 
challenging to modify.  
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation  validate s this requirem ent by presenting some of the logs . 
During the assessment, the QSA examined Akamai Guardicore Segmentation and observed that logs 
were displayed via a dashboard . 
Regarding requirement 10.4 .1/10.4.1.1/  of the PCI -DSS / Audit logs are reviewed to identify anomalies 
or suspicious activity : (Support ) 
Requirement 10.4.1 mandates that the following audit logs be reviewed at least once daily:  
 All security events  
 Logs of all system components that store, process, or transmit CHD and/or SAD  
 Logs of all critical sy stem components  
 Logs of all servers and system components that perform security functions (e.g., network 
security controls, intrusion -detection systems/intrusion -prevention systems (IDS/IPS), 
authentication servers)  
Requirement 10.4.1.1 dictates the use of  automated mechanisms for conducting audit log reviews.  
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation supports  this requirement by utilizing a Hunt service to review logs 
and identify anomalies or suspicious activity. However, it's important to note that the service does  not 
review all logs, such as application logs and antivirus logs.  
During the assessment, the QSA examined a sample of Hunt's reports.  
Regarding requirement 10.4.2 of the PCI -DSS / Potentially suspicious or anomalous activities for other 
system components a re reviewed in accordance with the entity’s identified risk : (Validate ) 
Requirement 10.4.2 requires the periodic review of logs for all other system components . 
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation validate s this requirement, although it necessitates human 
involvement for the review process.  
Regarding requirement 10.4.3 of the PCI -DSS /  Suspicious or anomalous activities are addresse d: 
(Support ) 
Requirement 10.4.3 necessitates addressing exceptions and anomalies identified during the review 
process.  
Akamai G uardicore Segmentation  support s this requirement through its Hunt service, which identifies 
vulnerabilities and provides reports with recommendations for customers to implement.  
During the assessment, the QSA examined a sample of Hunt's reports.


===== PAGE 25 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  25 
Regarding requirement 10.5.1 of the PCI -DSS / Audit log history is retained and available for analysis : 
(Meet ) 
Requirement 10.5.1 specifies retaining audit log history for a minimum of 12 months, with at least the 
most recent three months readily available  for analysis.  
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation meet s this requirement for SaaS customers , as it is automatically 
implemented. On -premises customers, however, need to ensure they have sufficient storage to meet  
this requirement.  
Regarding requirement 10.6.1 /10.6.2/  of the PCI -DSS / Time -synchronization mechanisms support 
consistent time settings across all systems : (Meet ) 
Requirement 10.6.1 mandates that system clocks and time are synchronized using time -
synchronization technology.  
Requirement 10.6.2 outlines  the configuration of systems to ensure correct and consistent time as 
follows:  
 Use of one or more designated time servers . 
 Only the designated central time server(s) receiving time from external sources . 
 Time received from external sources based on Intern ational Atomic Time or Coordinated 
Universal Time (UTC) . 
 Designated time server(s) accepting time updates only from specific industry -accepted 
external sources . 
 If there is more than one designated time server, they peer with each other to maintain 
accurat e time . 
 Internal systems receive time information only from designated central time server(s) . 
 
Requirement 10.6.3 details the protection of time synchronization settings and data as follows:  
 Restrict access to time data to personnel with a business need . 
 Log, monitor, and review any changes to time settings on critical systems .  
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation  meet s this requirement, as the product inherently enables it by 
default .   
During the assessment, the QSA validated these requirements can be change d by the customer  and 
noted the absence of an option to view the NTP (Network Time Protocol) settings . 
Regarding requirement 10.7 .1/10.7.2  of the PCI -DSS / Failures of critical security control systems are 
detected, reported, and responded to promptly : (Support ) 
Requirement 10.7 .1 /10.7.2  outlines th at  failures of critical security control systems, including but not 
limited to network security controls, IDS/IPS, FIM, anti -malware solutions, physical access controls, 
logical access controls, audit logging mechanisms, and segmentation controls (if used), should be 
promptly detected, alerted, and addressed.


===== PAGE 26 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  26 
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation support s this requirement by providing notifications for the failure 
of security controls. However, it's important to note that it doesn't capture logs from all security 
controls, such as FIM and AV.  
During the assessment, the QSA examined Akamai Guardicore Segmentation and evaluated a sample 
of notifications from the product . 
Regarding requirement 10.7.3 of the PCI -DSS / Failures of critical security control systems are 
analyzed, contained, and resolved,  (Support ) 
Requirement 10.7.1 specifies that failures of any critical security control systems should be promptly 
responded to, including but not limited to:  
 Restoring secu rity function . 
 Identifying and documenting the duration (date and time from start to end) of the security 
failure . 
 Identifying and documenting the cause(s) of failure and documenting required remediation . 
 Identifying and addressing any security issues that  arose during the failure . 
 Determining whether further actions are required as a result of the security failure . 
 Implementing controls to prevent the cause of failure from reoccurring . 
 Resuming monitoring of security controls  
 
Akamai Guardicore Segmentatio n support s this requirement through the utilization of the Hunt 
service, which provides recommendations to the customer on how to respond to identified 
vulnerabilities.  
During the assessment, the QSA examined a sample of Hunt's reports.  
Regarding requirement 11.3.1 of the PCI -DSS /  Internal vulnerabilities are regularly identified, 
prioritized, and addressed : (Support ) 
Requirement 11.3.1 outlines the performance of internal vulnerability scans as follows:  
 At least once every three months . 
 Resolution of high -risk and critical vulnerabilities, as defined in the entity’s vulnerability risk 
rankings (Requirement 6.3.1) . 
 Confirmation of resolution through rescans for all high -risk and critical vulnerabilities . 
 Keeping the scan tool up to date w ith the latest vulnerability information . 
 Conducting scans by qualified personnel with organizational independence of the tester . 
 
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation support s this requirement  by utilizing the Hunt service, which 
conducts vulnerability scans. H owever, it's important to note that the service provides 
recommendations, and the implementation of these recommendations falls under the customer's 
responsibility.  
During the assessment, the QSA examined a sample of Hunt's reports.


===== PAGE 27 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  27


===== PAGE 28 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  28 
Regarding requirement 11.3.1 .1 of the PCI -DSS / Lower ranked vulnerabilities are addressed at a 
frequency in accordance with the entity’s risk : (Validate ) 
Requirement 11.3.1.1 details the management of all other applicable vulnerabilities (those not classif ied 
as high -risk or critical per the entity’s vulnerability risk rankings defined in Requirement 6.3.1) as 
follows:  
 Addressed based on the risk defined in the entity’s targeted risk analysis, conducted in 
accordance with all elements specified in Requireme nt 12.3.1 . 
 Rescans are conducted as needed . 
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation  validate s this requirement through the Hunt service by providing 
recommendations for vulnerabilities that are lower than high or critical.   
Regarding requirement 11.3.1.2 of the PCI -DSS /  Automated tools used to detect vulnerabilities can 
detect vulnerabilities local to each system, which are not visible remotely : (Meet ) 
Requirement 11.3.1.2 specifies the performance of internal vulnerability scans via authenticated 
scanning as fo llows:  
 Documenting systems unable to accept credentials for authenticated scanning . 
 Using sufficient privileges for systems that accept credentials for scanning . 
 Managing accounts used for authenticated scanning in accordance with Requirement 8.2.2 if 
they  can be used for interactive login .  
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation  meet s this requirement  by  utilizing the Hunt service. W ithin this 
service, an automated solution integrated into the product aligns seamlessly with the specified 
criteria.  
During the assessment, the QSA reviewed Hunt reports . 
Regarding requirement 11.3.1.3 of the PCI -DSS /  Internal scan after any significant change  (Support ) 
Requirement 11.3.1.3 specifies that internal vulnerability scans should be conducted after any 
signif icant change as follows:  
 High -risk and critical vulnerabilities (as defined in the entity’s vulnerability risk rankings in 
Requirement 6.3.1) are addressed . 
 Rescans are performed as necessary . 
 Scans are carried out by qualified personnel, and organizationa l independence of the tester is 
maintained (not required to be a QSA or ASV) . 
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation support s this requirement through the utilization of the Hunt 
service, which conducts vulnerability scans. However, it's essential to note that the  service provides 
recommendations, and the responsibility for implementing these recommendations rests with the 
customer.  
During the assessment, the QSA reviewed a sample of Hunt reports .


===== PAGE 29 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  29 
Regarding requirement 11.4. 5 and 11.4.6  of the PCI -DSS /  If segmen tation is used, it is verified 
periodically by technical testing to be continually effective  (validate ) 
Requirement 11.4.5 outlines that if segmentation is utilized to isolate the CDE from other networks, 
penetration tests on segmentation controls should b e conducted as follows:  
 At least once every 12 months and after any changes to segmentation controls/methods . 
 Covering all segmentation controls/methods in use . 
 Following the entity’s defined penetration testing methodology . 
 Confirming the operational and effective nature of segmentation controls/methods, ensuring 
isolation of the CDE from all out -of-scope systems . 
 Confirming the effectiveness of any use of isolation to separate systems with differing 
security levels (see Requirement 2.2.3) . 
 Performed by a qualified internal resource or qualified external third party . 
 Organizational independence of the tester is maintained (not required to be a QSA or ASV) . 
 
Requirement 11.4.6 specifies that if segmentation is employed to isolate the CDE from other networks,  
penetration tests on segmentation controls should be conducted as follows:  
 At least once every six months and after any changes to segmentation controls/methods . 
 Covering all segmentation controls/methods in use . 
 Following the entity’s defined penetration  testing methodology . 
 Confirming the operational and effective nature of segmentation controls/methods, ensuring 
the isolation of the CDE from all out -of-scope systems . 
 Confirming the effectiveness of any use of isolation to separate systems with differing  
security levels (see Requirement 2.2.3) . 
 Performed by a qualified internal resource or qualified external third party  
 Organizational independence of the tester is maintained (not required to be a QSA or ASV) . 
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation validate s this requirement by testing the segmentation  controls 
determining success or failure, and ensuring the test does not breach any systems.  
During the assessment, the QSA examined Akamai Guardicore Segmentation and validate d the 
segmentation controls determining s uccess or failure . The QSA observed that it is possible to 
manually inspect the traffic of the segmented components to validate the presence or absence of 
traffic.


===== PAGE 30 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  30 
Regarding requirement 11.5 .1 of the PCI -DSS /Network intrusions and unexpected file changes are 
detected and responded to : (Validate ) 
Requirement 11.5.1 specifies the use of intrusion -detection and/or intrusion prevention techniques to 
detect and/or prevent intrusions into the network as follows:  
 Monitoring all traffic at the perimeter of  the CDE . 
 Monitoring all traffic at critical points in the CDE . 
 Alerting personnel to suspected compromises . 
 Keeping all intrusion -detection and prevention engines, baselines, and signatures up to date .  
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation validate s this requirement  by integrating a deception tool within 
the product, which is capable of redirecting traffic and generating alerts for monitoring. However, it's 
important to note that it does not monitor all the sections as outlined in the requirement.  
During the assessment, the QSA examined Akamai Guardicore Segmentation and validate d that the 
product has the capability to track threats on the security dashboard. Additionally, within the DNS 
parameter, it is capable of blocking communication, including malware.  
Regarding requirement 11.5.1.1 of the PCI -DSS : (Meet ) 
Requirement 11.5.1.1 outlines an additional requirement specifically for service providers: Intrusion -
detection and/or intrusion -prevention techniques must detect, alert on/prevent, and address  covert 
malware communication channels.  
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation  meet s this requirement by leveraging the Hunt service and 
incorporating a deception tool into the product. The deception tool is capable of monitoring endpoint 
scanning, implementing egress traffic filtering, and responding to DNS queries . 
During the assessment, the QSA examined Akamai Guardicore Segmentation and confirmed that the 
product has the capability to track threats on the security dashboard. Additionally, within the DNS 
param eter, it is capable of blocking communication, including malware.


===== PAGE 31 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  31  
3.5 .    Maintain  an Information Security Policy  
Regarding requirement 12.3.4 of the PCI -DSS /  The entity’s hardware and software technologies are 
up to date and supported by the vendor : (Support ) 
Requirement 12.3.4 mandates the review of hardware and software technologies at least once every 12 
months, including the following aspects:  
 Analysis to ensure technologies promptly receive security fixes from vendors . 
 Analysis to ensure technolog ies continue to support and do not preclude  the entity's PCI DSS 
compliance . 
 Documentation of any industry announcements or trends related to a technology, including 
when a vendor has announced "end of life" plans . 
 Documentation of a plan, approved by seni or management, to remediate outdated 
technologies, including those for which vendors have announced "end of life" plans  
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation  support s this requirement by displaying a list of all systems 
connected to the CDE. However, it’s  essenti al to highlight that the product does not display security 
systems like Antivirus (AV), File Integrity Monitoring (FIM), and application systems. Consequently, 
the list is partial.  
During the assessment, the QSA examined Akamai Guardicore Segmentation and confirmed that the 
product provides a list of systems.  
Regarding requirement 12.4.2 of the PCI -DSS /  The operational effectiveness of critical PCI DSS 
controls is verified periodica lly by manual inspection of records : (Validate ) 
Requirement 12.3.4 includes an additional requirement specific to service providers: Reviews must be 
conducted at least once every three months to verify that personnel are executing their tasks in 
alignment with all security policies and operational procedures. These reviews are carried out by 
individuals other than those responsible for performing the given task and encompass various tasks, 
including but not limited to daily log reviews, configuration review s for network security controls, 
application of configuration standards to new systems, responding to security alerts, and managing 
change processes . 
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation  validates  this requirement by supporting the subclause related to 
configuration review.  
During the assessment, the QSA examined the Akamai Guardicore Segmentation and validate d that 
the platform help s to review the configuration review.


===== PAGE 32 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  32 
Regarding requirement 12.5 .1 of the PCI -DSS /  All system components in scope for PCI DSS are 
identified and known : (Support ) 
Requirement 12.5.1 necessitates the maintenance of an inventory of system components within the 
scope of PCI DSS, accompanied by a description of their funct ion or use . 
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation support s this requirement by labeling and displaying the systems in 
the product.  
During the assessment, the QSA examined Akamai Guardicore Segmentation and confirmed that the 
platform aids in conducting configuration reviews . 
Regarding requirement 12.5.2 of the PCI -DSS /  PCI DSS scope is verified periodically, and after 
significant changes : (validate ) 
Requirement 12.5.2 mandates that PCI DSS scope be documented and verified by the entity at least 
once eve ry 12 months and upon significant changes to the in -scope environment. The scoping 
validation includes, at a minimum:  
 Identifying all data flows for various payment stages and acceptance channels . 
 Updating all data -flow diagrams per Requirement 1.2.4 . 
 Identifying all locations where account data is stored, processed, and transmitted . 
 Identifying all system components in the CDE, connected to the CDE, or impacting CDE 
security . 
 Identifying all segmentation controls in use and the segmented environments, justifying 
environments out of scope . 
 Identifying all connections from third -party entities with CDE access . 
 Confirming that all identified data flows, account data, system components, segmentation 
controls, and connections from third parties with CDE acce ss are included in scope . 
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation  validate s this requirement by supporting the subclause related to 
segmentation controls . 
During the assessment, the QSA examined Akamai Guardicore Segmentation and confirmed that the 
platform aids in  conducting  the segmentation test.


===== PAGE 33 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  33 
Regarding requirement 12.10.3  and 12.10.5  of the PCI -DSS /  Incidents  and alerts generated by 
monitoring and detection technologies are responded to immediately where appropriate : (Support ) 
Requirement 12.10.3 dictates that specific personnel must be designated to be available on a 24/7 
basis to respond to suspected or confirmed security incidents.  
Requirement 12.10.5 stipulates that the security incident response plan must encompass the 
monitoring and response to alerts  generated by security monitoring systems. These systems include, 
but are not limited to:  
 Intrusion -detection and intrusion -prevention systems . 
 Network security controls . 
 Change -detection mechanisms for critical files . 
 The change -and tamper -detection mecha nism for payment pages ( note: this bullet is 
considered a best practice until its effective date; refer to Applicability Notes below for 
details) . 
 Detection of unauthorized wireless access points . 
 
Akamai Guardicore Segmentation  support s this requirement by utilizing the Hunt service. This service 
provides continuous 24/7 monitoring for vulnerabilities, offering recommendations ; however,  it is 
important to note that the implementation of these recommendations falls under the responsibility of 
the customer.  
The QSA reviewed a sample of Hunt reports.


===== PAGE 34 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  34  
4 System Description  
 About GRSee  
GRSee Consulting was established by a team of security experts with interdisciplinary knowledge and 
vast experience in the field of information security. GRSee Consulting provides numerous services in 
the fields of information security, application security, penetration testing services, cyber services, 
APTs, threat -modeling, secure architectures & design, and multi -regulation enterprise environments.  
GRSee Consulting provides consu lting testing , and certification services in the fields of cybersecurity, 
information security , and compliance.  
The company provides a range of security services to myriad organizations in multiple fields, including 
Enterprises, Fintech, Hitech, Payment Ga teways, Online Gaming, Forex, Financial , and Insurance. 
Among our core services are the following:  
 Audit & regulations – PCI DSS, ISO 27001, ISO27799, HIPAA, W LA.  
 Risk assessments – custom risk assessments for sectorial regulators (Banking oversight & 
Insu rance oversight).  
 Information security services such as – black/ grey/ white box penetration testing, risk surveys 
based on various security frameworks, gap analysis.  
 Ongoing consulting services.  
 Training – global training and awareness projects & in -depth  training for developers , QA team s, 
and other focused groups.  
 Professional services – implementing policies on various security products across organizations 
(DLP, SIEM, endpoint security, deception , etc.).  
 Outsource & placement – GRSee Consulting has an independent unit that deals with recruiting 
employees whether under an outsource agreement or a placement contract for our customers.


===== PAGE 35 =====

Phone: +1.669.777.3312  
 
info@grsee.com  
 www.grsee.com  
March 24, 2024  35 
 QSA Acknowledgment  
The QSA Company assures that the information stated above is applicable to version 4.0  of the  PCI 
DSS Standard and to the date of the assessment.  
Date s of the assessment:  
 December  5, 202 3 
 December 18, 2023  
 January 8, 2024  
 January 15, 2024  
 January 17, 2024  
 
Lead QSA Name: Ms. Talia Goldich  (Certificate Number  205-996 ) 
 
 
Signature: _______________________
